README.md, before:

# Social Wallet API deployment
This docker-compose project allows you to run an instance of the Social Wallet API service
and its storage.  

For more information please refer to https://github.com/Commonfare-net/social-wallet-api



## Configuration

### Docker compose
Copy `docker-compose.example.yml` to `docker-compose.yml` and change your settings if needed (e.g. port number).

### SWAPI
Before running this service you should create your own configuration file located at
`data/social-wallet-api.yaml`.  
An example configuration file is provided at `data/social-wallet-api-example.yaml`.

### Additional settings
The `host` and `port` on which the Social Wallet API will be running can be specified by using the respectively `SWAPI_HOST` and `SWAPI_PORT` environment variables respectively.

## Running
To run this service just use:  
```
docker-compose up -d
```

At this point you shall be able to access the Swagger UI at http://localhost:3000.

## Dependency management
To overcome a problem with the docker image `commonfare/social-wallet-api` which causes all dependencies to be downloaded every time the image is run
we store them in the host and use them as a volume in the docker-compose configuration. By default dependencies will be stored in `data/swapi/m2`.

Commit message:

Updated to match version 1.2 of the SWAPI

README.md, after:

# Social Wallet API deployment
This docker-compose project allows you to run an instance of the Social Wallet API service
and its storage.  

For more information please refer to https://github.com/Commonfare-net/social-wallet-api

## Configuration

Please follow the next steps before running the service.

### Docker compose
Copy `docker-compose.example.yml` to `docker-compose.yml` and change your settings if needed (e.g. port number).

### SWAPI
#### Configuration
Before running this service you must create your own configuration file located at
`conf/social-wallet-api.yaml`. An example configuration file is provided at `conf/social-wallet-api.example.yaml`.

In `conf/social-wallet-api.yaml` replace `YOUR_SWAPI_ID` and `YOUR_CURRENCY_NAME` with your values.

#### API key
Copy the file `conf/apikey.example.yaml` in `conf/apikey.yaml`. The API key will be generated by SWAPI and stored in this file the first time it runs.

### Additional settings
The `host` and `port` on which the Social Wallet API will be running can be specified by using the respectively `SWAPI_HOST` and `SWAPI_PORT` environment variables in `docker-compose.yml`.

## Running
Before running for the first time, be sure you followed all the previous steps.

To run this service just use:  
```
docker-compose up -d
```

At this point you shall be able to access the Swagger UI at http://localhost:3000. Click on the 'Authorize' button and paste the API key you get from `conf/apikey.yaml`.

### Update the image
To update the images
```
docker-compose pull
```

## Acknowledgements

This software is a Free and Open Source research and development activity funded by the European Commission in the context of the [Collective Awareness Platforms for Sustainability and Social Innovation (CAPSSI)](https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/collective-awareness) program. Ths software uses the [Social Wallet API](https://github.com/Commonfare-net/social-wallet-api) and it has been adopted as a component of the [Commonfare platform](https://commonfare.net) being developed for
the [Commonfare - PIE News project](https://pieproject.eu) (grant nr. 687922).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/Commonfare-net/commonfare-swapi-deploy.
